The people with the most sway over state pension-funds decisions are not always—nor even often—elected officials.

the Asian, mixed-race, other group is also anticipated to rise, to 8 percent over the next two elections and then 12 percent by 2040.

Anderson: Let me put it this way, in really practical terms: When it comes to managing animals, every conventional fence that I have ever built has been in the wrong place the next year.

But on Friday afternoon, as the hours ticked away toward a government shutdown, Schumer went to the White House and told Trump he could have his wall.

It's an evolution of the idea of a textbook.

I come from a relatively small town;

I've looked at this clip a few times where King calls Barack Obama "very urban." I don't think "very urban" is a slur for black.

We don't have it right now.

Between the camps and the travel, this is not cheap.

His willingness to connect with constituents who've come to him over Twitter has also been widely praised.

pic.twitter.com/oYkikBtBMf Weirdly, many found out about the crash on Twitter from an unlikely pair of celebrities: Kevin Nealon and Leann Rimes.

Jennifer Lawrence, generally Because Katniss was one of us.

They propose that, "the link between income and ill health is stronger for mental health than general health and ...

Ultimately, by the last checkpoint, Shane noted that: It also has “Stanky Bean.” And “Bank Butt.” “The neural net has no concept of color space, and no way to see human-color perception,” she says.

Perry mused to the crowd at the St.

And instead of coming from a big company or social-media network, these emails come from senders who appear to be colleagues or friends.

But when a bunch of retired flag officers get politically involved and start lobbying the administration on the "right" side of an issue that Andrew Sullivan cares about, they are to be applauded.

Read the full story at The Atlantic Wire.

In an interview with Syrian TV, Syrian information minister Omran al-Zoubi noted the two jets had been bombed while landing on a runway at the Jarrah air base.

Chuck Grassley ran with the death motif, and during a speech in August 2009, said: “In the House bill, there is counseling for end of life,” Grassley said, according to the Iowa Independent.

So where does this leave us?

I got my first MP3 player.

But these allegations raise obvious questions about the way in which mental illness is treated in our federal prisons.

Despite overwhelming public support for some of the measures he has proposed, he has achieved nothing legislatively, and has likely exhausted the measures he can effect using executive power.

made the awesome Star Wars ads for Volkswagen.

A breast cancer meme has broken out on Google+: Booberday.

Mary started to date a man she met at a dinner party.

This post also appears at Tea Leaf Nation, an Atlantic partner site.

The "Sheraton beach" is farther north.

In the GOP primary race, all the frontrunners favor a continuation of the war on drugs, while the two candidates who vocally favor decriminalization are openly mocked in the media.

Of course, Bond knew them by their aliases, Charlie and Carol Gasko, and not by their real names.

"In the old days, four years ago, [noncontroversial amendments] would have been possible." Even so, basic cordiality among senators was on display throughout the process.

Tom made it quite clear what he didn't want us to do.

The BLS itself says that "the major factor producing this significant [change in labor participation] has been an increase in school attendance at all levels." The second reason that young people can't find work is that they're young.

Trump is bad at it because he can’t “recognize the difference between what one professes in public and what one does in private, much less the utility of exploiting that difference,” Henry Farrell and Martha Finnemore have noted in Foreign Affairs.

Soon after, the U.S.

"We are not her employer, but she is a host for a show that we distribute," an NPR spokesperson told the AP.

I remember particularly one ride that we had while on Port-Royal Island.

So why do his haters want to keep Hagel—a brave enlisted man, a decorated veteran, and a former Senator like themselves—from running the Pentagon?

"Since MSNBC's multiple on-air apologizes last night for daring to even mention this story, even though it's true, we've uncovered someone else who likes this phrase a lot: MSNBC's own Pat Buchanan," writes the blog's John Aravosis.

“Americans continue to warm to legalizing marijuana, with 64 percent now saying its use should be made legal,” Gallup noted a few months ago.

Some can even lead to private violence or public disorder.

Difference is that the objects of the spray weren't penned this time.

What happened to restrictions on the rights of terror detainees to proselytize their views to the outside world?

I'm too busy at work.

Morrison's somewhat deluded overestimation of his actions is another thing entirely.

This was, to my surprise, a news story.

Jane has auburn hair.

Coming from Jason Schwartzman, Roman Coppola, and Alex Timbers, the pilot has a touch of Altman in it as it delves into the world of classical musicians in New York.

Though there were no boundaries between what men and women might know, his characters agreed, there was one acceptable direction for knowledge to flow—from men to women—and there was a firm division between public (male) and domestic (female) worlds.